•	Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a financial planning company that offers a variety of plans to their customer base.  The client wanted the server connection with their customer base to be secure with multiple layers in order for critical data to not be leaked. The system could not have any publicly made vulnerabilities to ensure that the system could evade any potential attackers.

•	What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
One of the things I did well when finding the clients vulnerabilities is that I created a suppression file that would remove any false positives from the system. Once the file was created, I then inserted code into the suppression file in order to remove false positives from the current system. Then I refactored the POM.XML file in order to include the suppression file when the next dependency check was run. It is important to code securely because if you are not careful, then a potential attack can be brought on to your system. Software security adds to a company's wellbeing because it improves trust with the clientele, and it protects the company's name overall. Meaning that if there is a hack on the system then the trust from prospecting clientele will be lost, causing you to lose business. 

•	What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The part of the vulnerability assessment was helpful to me was the static testing that we did originally. This was helpful because it allowed me to track what vulnerabilities currently existed in the program already and what vulnerabilities I created when refactoring the codebase to implement the security measures. 

•	How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
In order to create layers of security, we added a cipher (SHA-256) to the existing system. Then we added a self-signed certificate in order to have a key to access the application. Then we created an HTTPS connection in order to ensure that the system was secure along with the hash value that was created by the cipher.  In the future I will start with a dependency check on the system to assess current vulnerabilities, and from here I would then decide what mitigation techniques would be the best for the system I am currently working on. 

•	How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I ran a dependency check on the system to ensure the vulnerabilities that exist in the system were potential false positives. After refactoring the code, I ran the application again with a dependency check in order to ensure that no new vulnerabilities were created from the code refactoring. Unfortunately, when checking to see if the application was functional, such as viewing the displayed hash value on the web, the complications weren’t resolved. Running the application in the IDE received no errors. Therefore, I am only partially sure that this application is functional. 

•	What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
I used a self-signed certificate with a unique password to ensure the security of the system. I also implemented an encrypting cipher that I will continue to explore and utilize until a better cipher comes out with no publicly made vulnerabilities. A tool that I used in this assignment that will be helpful in the future will be the dependency check tool. This allows me to check if there are any known publicly made vulnerabilities. This will help to better secure future applications. 

•	Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
From this assignment future employers will know that with any task I will achieve all goals to the best of my ability. Since I am still new to the software security aspect, I ran into some complications along the way, for example, the application was supposed to display the hash value of the ciphered string displayed on the web browser. Hopefully with a team present in the future, I will be able to collaborate with them to achieve the desired result and come to a conclusion regarding the issues I am experiencing. 
